Gelgo: YOU GOT
A LOTTA GUTS TAKIN'
ON A GUY LIKE ME.
HA! I WAS GONNA SAY
THE SAME THING.
'CAUSE IF YOU THINK
I'M JUST ANOTHER
INEXPERIENCED STUDENT...
GUESS AGAIN!
YOU WANNA TALK ABOUT
EXPERIENCE, KID?!
GET A'LOAD 'A THESE!
SO YOU'VE WON A FEW DUELS.
I'VE WON MORE!
OY VEY!
YOU MUST'VE WON THOSE
FROM CHALLENGING
THIRD-RATE LOSERS!
YOU'VE GOTTA POINT THERE.
GUESS THAT EXPLAINS WHY
I CHALLENGED YOU!
FUNNY, KID.
GAME ON!
ALL RIGHT!
WHAT A GREAT
MORNING FOR A DUEL!
NOW WHO'TA PLAY?
HOW CAN YOU
BE SO CALM!?
HUH?
WHO'S THERE!?
QUIET. OR ELSE...THEY'RE
GONNA FIND ME JAY.
SYRUS?!
AAH! WHAT'D I JUST SAY!?
SORRY.
BUT UH SY?
IF YOU COULDN'T
TELL...I'M HIDING!
BUT WHY?
BECAUSE, SEÑOR LOUD...
THE RULES STATE...
YOU HAVE TO ACCEPT
ONE CHALLENGE A DAY!
D'YA KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS!?
I'LL TELL YA.
IF I GET APPROACHED BY SOME
TOP-RANKING DUELIST...
OR EVEN A MEDIOCRE ONE...
LET'S FACE IT
EVEN IF HE STINKS...
IT'S BYE-BYE SY!
YOU CAN'T JUST HIDE!
OH YEAH, WATCH ME!
THIS TOURN'MENT'S
S'POSTA BE FUN.
YOU THINK FLUNKING OUT
OF SCHOOL IS FUN!?
THE MEDALS YOU GET
DETERMINE YOUR GRADE!
THAT'S WHY EVERYONE'S
OUT TA GET ME, JAY.
REALLY?
JUST LOOK!
THEY'RE ALL OUT THERE
IN THE WOODS.
JUST WAITING FOR SOMEONE
LIKE ME TO COME BY.
WELL GOOD LUCK!
MY HOME IS THIS GARBAGE CAN
UNTIL SOMEONE EVEN
LAMER THAN ME WALKS BY!
DOESN'T IT SMELL
IN THERE?
Hassleberry:
MORNIN' SOLDIER!
BYE!
WHATTA YA DOIN' STANDIN'
AROUND OUT HERE WHEN THERE'S
A TOURNAMENT GOIN' ON!?
I WAS UH...JUST
EMPTYING THE TRASH!
WE GOT MORE IMPORTANT THINGS
TO DO THAN DISCARD REFUSE!
LIKE WATCH CHAZZ TAKE
ON A PRO DUELIST!
WHAT!?
YOU'RE RIGHT!
THE TRASH CAN WAIT!
CAPTIONING MADE POSSIBLE BY
4KIDS PRODUCTIONS
CAPTIONED BY THE NATIONAL
CAPTIONING INSTITUTE
--www.ncicap.org--
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
CHECK IT OUT!
CHAZZ REALLY IS
TAKING ON A PRO!
THAT'S RIGHT.
AND THIS GUY'S
ONE OF THE BEST!
IN FACT HE ALMOST
BEAT ME ONCE.
IS CHAZZ LOSING?
Aster: NO, JADEN!
THAT'S THE CRAZY PART!
CHAZZ IS BEATING THIS GUY!
BUT NOT FOR LONG!
I SUMMON MARSHMALLON
IN DEFENSE MODE!
Hassleberry: NO
WONDER HE'S LOSIN'!
WHAT KINDA PRO
BRINGS
A PINK GUMDROP
INTO BATTLE!?
HEY KID.
YOUR GOOD LUCK
STREAK JUST ENDED.
"GOOD LUCK" HUH?
WATCH THIS!
I SUMMON WHITE
KNIGHT LANCER!
WHITE KNIGHT WHAT?
IT MUST BE
FROM SARTORIUS!
AND NEXT...I PLAY
A SPELL CARD...
INFERNAL GAUNTLET!
SO I SACRIFICE
MY SWORDSMAN...
ALLOWING MY WHITE
KNIGHT TO ATTACK
TWICE IN A ROW!
YA STILL THINK THIS
IS ABOUT LUCK?
I'LL TAKE YOUR
SILENCE AS A "NO!"
AND GUESS WHAT!
THERE'S MORE.
WHENEVER MY SWORDSMAN'S SENT
TO THE GRAVEYARD...
HIS SPECIAL
ABILITY ACTIVATES!
ALL MONSTERS
WITH WHITE KNIGHT
IN THEIR NAME
GET THREE
HUNDRED POINTS!
SO YOU KNOW WHAT'S NEXT!
WHITE KNIGHT LANCER
ATTACK HIS MARSHMALLON!
THAT MAKES NO SENSE!
MY MONSTER
CAN'T BE DESTROYED!
WHO NEEDS TO DESTROY IT?
WHENEVER LANCER ATTACKS...
THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN
HIS ATTACK POINTS AND YOUR
MONSTERS DEFENSE POINTS
COMES OUT OF
YOUR LIFE POINTS!
IT DOES!?
AAAH!
THERE'S MORE!
HE GETS TO ATTACK
TWICE, REMEMBER!?
UH!
UH.
HE WON!
CHAZZ TOOK OUT
A PRO!
AND WITH SARTORIUS'S CARDS...
NO ONE CAN BEAT CHAZZ NOW!
WELL!?
WHO'S NEXT?
HOW 'BOUT YOU?
I'VE BEEN WAITING
FOR A REMATCH SINCE
LAST YEAR JADEN!
AND NOW, YOU'RE ALL MINE!
WHO ME?
YES YOU! HOW DID YOU
NOT REALIZE THAT!?
WERE YOU ON ANOTHER PLANET!?
ACTUALLY, I WAS.
WHY DO I BOTHER?
OHHHH!
I GET IT!
YOU MEANT
THAT AS AN INSULT
DIDN'T YOU, CHAZZ!
VERY PERCEPTIVE.
YOU AND ME!
TOMORROW!
TOMORROW?
WHAT'S WRONG
WITH RIGHT NOW?
SIMPLE.
YOU WOULD LOSE!
I WANT A CHALLENGE.
THAT WAY I'LL KNOW
FOR SURE I'M THE BEST.
SO WORK ON
YOUR DECK TONIGHT.
AND THEN...MAYBE YOU'LL LAST
MORE THAN A COUPLE OF ROUNDS!
THAT'S ALL
HE'S GONNA NEED!
WELL AT LEAST YOU HAVE
ONE CHEERLEADER, LOSER.
SEE YOU TOMORROW.
WAIT A SEC!
I'M CONFUSED.
YEAH WHAT ELSE IS NEW?!
YOUR DECK.
IT'S ALL DIFFERENT NOW.
I MEAN...WHERE DID ALL
OF YOUR OJAMA CARDS GO?
THOSE FREAKS!?
THEY'RE GONE NOW!
BUT THEY WERE
YOUR FAVORITES!
COME ON!
YOU REMEMBER!
HOW COULD YOU FORGET
THOSE CUTE BUG-EYES!?
AND THOSE BIKINI BRIEFS!?
EASILY!
YOU CAN'T DESERT
YOUR TROOPS!
THOSE LITTLE GUYS'VE
BEEN WITH YOU FOREVER!
JUST THINK ABOUT ALL
THE GOOD TIMES YOU HAD!
THE ONLY GOOD TIME....
WAS THE OTHER NIGHT.
WHEN I DITCHED 'EM
FOR GOOD!
SEE YA!
AAH!
WHO NEEDS THOSE FREAKS
YAPPIN' IN THEIR EAR?
LET 'EM GO RUIN
SOMEONE ELSE'S LIFE!
BUT CHAZZ...!
OH JUST LET THE GUY GO.
COME ON.
LET'S GO SEE
WHO ELSE IS
DUELING AROUND HERE.
HEY WAIT.
SHOULDN'T YOU BE
DUELING SOMEONE?
WHAT CAN I SAY?
EVERYONE'S AVOIDING ME.
WELL EXCEPT FOR THESE GUYS.
WOW! THAT'S
SOME HEAVY METAL!
I GUESS I'VE DONE ALRIGHT.
BUT THESE ARE WEIGHING
MY POCKETS DOWN.
SO YOU CAN HAVE 'EM.
THANKS.
BUT THESE'RE YOURS!
ALL I NEED IS ONE.
OF COURSE...
IF YOU WANT THAT...
YOU'LL HAFTA
CHALLENGE ME.
I DIDN'T THINK SO.
LATER.
Chazz, voice-over:
WHO NEEDS THOSE LAME OJAMAS?!
ALL THOSE STOOGES DID
WAS GET IN MY WAY!
SO WHY DOES PART
OF ME MISS 'EM?
SNAP OUT OF IT CHAZZ!
I SHOULD BE HAPPY!
I'M IN THE SOCIETY OF LIGHT!
BUT WHY CAN'T I
REMEMBER JOINING?!
YOU GOT IT EASY.
ALL YOU HAFTA DO IS CHILL
UNTIL SOMEONE SQUISHES YOU.
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
HELLO?
CHAZZ? IT'S TIME
FOR THE MEETING.
Chazz: WHAT'S WITH
THE HAIR, ANYWAY?
Bastion: OH, YOU LIKE IT?
I BLEACHED IT TO SHOW MY
LOYALTY TO THE SOCIETY.
DORK.
ANYWAY...NOW SARTORIUS
WILL NOTICE ME.
AND BESIDES...I THINK
IT MAKES ME LOOK MORE
DISTINGUISHED
WOULDN'T YOU AGREE?
WAIT!
I COULD DO YOURS!
AND THEN YOU AND I WOULD
BE BLEACH-BROTHERS!
YEAH, AS IF.
I LIKE MY HAIR.
PLUS THAT STUFF WILL
BLEACH YOUR BRAIN!
FINE CHAZZ.
A SIMPLE "NO"
WOULD'VE SUFFICED.
Leader: BROTHERS AND SISTERS!
WELCOME TO THE
SOCIETY OF LIGHT!
I'M PLEASED TO SEE SO MANY
OF YA'LL HERE TODAY!
IT WARMS MY HEART.
MASTER SARTORIUS
IS..."RESTING,"
BUT HE ADORES AND ADMIRES
EVERY LAST ONE OF YOU!
NOW...I WANT YOU TO
CONCENTRATE FOR ME.
I WANT YOU TO
FEEL THE LIGHT!
Chazz:
BLAH BLAH BLAH!
ALL I FEEL IS SICK
TO MY STOMACH.
I'VE HEARD ALL
THIS JUNK BEFORE...
BUT WHY CAN'T I
STOP LISTENING?
BECAUSE IT'S THE
TRUTH THAT'S WHY!
WHAT AM I SAYING?
SARTORIUS MUST HAVE
MESSED WITH MY HEAD!
NO HE DIDN'T!
SARTORIUS IS
A GENIUS!
HE TAUGHT US THAT
LIGHT IS THE ANSWER!
FOR WITH LIGHT...THE WORLD
IS OURS TO COMMAND!
Crowd: ALL HAIL THE LIGHT!
Leader: NOW WIN THIS TOURNAMENT
AND SPREAD THE LIGHT!
WHAT'RE YOU DOIN'
PORT SIDE, SOLDIER?
LOOKIN' FOR
THOSE OJAMA CARDS.
WITH ALL DUE
RESPECT...
THEM LITTLE BUGGERS
MUST BE HALFWAY
TO ATLANTIS BY NOW!
I KNOW THESE OJAMAS.
THE LESS THAT YOU
WANT THEM AROUND...
THE MORE THEY
STICK AROUND.
JADEN WE GOTTA
GET YOU A HOBBY.
Ojama Yellow: SOMEONE!?
Ojama black:
ANYONE!
Ojamas: HELP US!
Ojama Yellow: HOW COULD
HE LEAVE US!?
Ojama Black:
OH, THE HUMANITY!
ALRIGHT CHAZZ...
IT'S BEEN A YEAR
SINCE WE DUELED,
BUT I'M READY!
YES!
FREE AT LAST!
JADEN! IT'S ME!
HUH? PROFESSOR BANNER!?
ARE YOU IN THERE?
UNFORTUNATELY.
WAIT, BUT DIDN'T
YOU TURN TO DUST?
MY BODY WAS DESTROYED,
BUT MY SPIRIT SURVIVED.
AND I WAS ACTUALLY LOOKING
FORWARD TO RESTING IN PEACE...
...BUT PHARAOH
HAD OTHER IDEAS.
THAT'S THE LAST TIME
I SKIP HIS BREAKFAST,
I'LL TELL YOU THAT!
UH...SO WHAT'S NEW?
OH YA KNOW,
THIS AND THAT.
BUT WE CAN
CATCH UP LATER.
RIGHT NOW I NEED YOU!
Jaden: IS ALL THIS
STRANGE TO ANYONE
BESIDES ME?
Banner: JUST FOLLOW ME.
WHATEVER YOU SAY.
THE OLD WELL!
THIS IS THE BURIAL PLACE
OF FORGOTTEN CARDS!
YES. NOW LISTEN CLOSELY.
Ojama: PLEASE!
DON'T HURT US!
FOR THE LAST TIME,
WE'RE NOT SHRIMP!
THIS IS BAD!
I WET MY UNDIES!
IT'S A GIANT!
DON'T EAT ME!
EAT MY TWO FRIENDS!
SO YOU'RE DOWN HERE!
I THOUGHT I'D
NEVER FIND YOU!
HEY WAIT A SEC!
YOU'RE JADEN YUKI!
Banner: YOU KNOW
THESE CREATURES?
KNOW THEM?
OF COURSE!
THEY USED TO BE
CHAZZ'S BEST CARDS!
Banner: I DON'T KNOW
WHAT'S WORSE:
LIVING DOWN HERE
OR LIVING WITH CHAZZ!
YOU GOTTA HELP US!
WE'RE SCARED OF THE DARK!
NOT TO MENTION VICIOUS
CARD-EATING CRABS!
COME ON! WE
AIN'T GETTING'
ANY YOUNGER!
RELAX GUYS!
EASY FOR YOU TO SAY!
YOU'RE COMING
HOME WITH ME!
[YAWN]
AFTER SEEING THAT PLACE...
I REALIZE...
LIVING INSIDE A CAT
ISN'T SO BAD!
Ojama Yellow: THANKS JADEN!
YOU'RE THE BEST!
TELL ME...DOES THIS MEAN
YOU'RE GONNA ADOPT US?
ACTUALLY...I HAVE
A BETTER PLAN!
I'M GONNA REUNITE
YOU WITH CHAZZ!
HE AND I
ARE DUELING
TOMORROW!
THANKS FOR THE
GESTURE, JAY.
BUT IT DOESN'T MATTER.
YEAH, EVER SINCE
HE JOINED THAT CLUB...
CHAZZ WON'T EVEN
LOOK AT US.
HE'LL PROBABLY JUST
THROW US AWAY AGAIN...
AND I CAN'T
SWIM JADEN!
HOLD ON!
I HAVE AN IDEA!
WHAT IF YOU GUYS DUELED
IN MY DECK TOMORROW?
WHAT?!
HUH?
MAYBE IF WE
WORK TOGETHER,
WE CAN BRING CHAZZ
BACK TO NORMAL!
YOU CAN FORGET IT!
IF CHAZZ DOESN'T WANT US
THEN WE DON'T WANT HIM!
IT SOUNDS DANGEROUS!
LISTEN TO YOURSELVES!
THIS IS OUR CHANCE TO DO
SOMETHING WITH OUR LIVES!
WE'LL BE HEROES!
YA KNOW, LIKE
JADEN'S MONSTERS!
HE'S RIGHT!
ARE WE MICE?!
HECK NO!
WHAT ARE WE?!
OJAMA HEROES!
ALRIGHT.
BUT NO COSTUMES.
All: AW MAN!
WHAT'S YOUR PROBLEM!?
D'YOU FORGET!?
OR JUST CHICKEN OUT!?
ACTUALLY...I WAS GOING
THROUGH YOUR OLD STUFF
AND I LOST
TRACK 'A TIME!
BUT LOOK WHAT I FOUND!
I THOUGHT YOU MIGHT LIKE
TO TRY IT ON AGAIN!
BEATS THAT WHITE THING!
PUT THAT AWAY!
I KNOW WHAT YOU'RE TRYING TO
DO JADEN AND IT WON'T WORK!
I WON'T GO BACK!
THE OLD CHAZZ
DOESN'T EXIST ANYMORE!
I'VE SEEN THE LIGHT!
BUT IF THAT'S TRUE THEN WHY
DOES PART OF ME WANT TO WEAR
THAT JACKET!?
IF YOU CHANGE YOUR MIND...
I'LL LEAVE IT RIGHT HERE
FOR YA, CHAZZ.
FINE! I'LL USE IT
TO WIPE THE MESS
ONCE I BEAT YOU!
LET'S DUEL!
SOUNDS GOOD!
ALRIGHT OJAMAS...
WE WIN THIS DUEL...
AND CHAZZ GOES BACK TO
HIS OLD SELF, 'KAY?
NOW LET'S BREAK
ON THREE!
ONE TWO 'N' THREE!
YEAH!
TIME TO GET OUR GAME ON!
[CHEERING]
YOU KNOW WHAT TO DO!
YEAH, TRASH 'IM!
LET'S GET THIS OVER WITH!
SHOULDN'T TAKE LONG!
I'LL START OFF WITH THIS!
WHITE KNIGHT SWORDSMAN!
NOT AGAIN!
THEN I'LL THROW DOWN A
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN!
AS FOR ME...
I'LL PLAY...
MY SPARKMAN!
IN ATTACK MODE!
BUT THAT'S NOT ALL!
I PLAY THE SPELL:
GOOD HERO!
SO FIRST...I'M GOING TO
SUMMON A MONSTER
THAT HAS LESS THAN
A THOUSAND TOTAL POINTS!
BUT IT GETS BETTER!
NEXT FOR EVERY ELEMENTAL HERO
ON MY FIELD, MY NEW MONSTER
GETS AN EXTRA 300 ATTACK POINTS!
SO I SUMMON...
OJAMA YELLOW!
♪ DA DA DA DA
DA DA! ♪
YOU'RE KIDDING.
BUT CHAZZ THREW HIM AWAY!
AND JAY FOUND 'IM!
DIDN'T I TELL YOU GUYS...
COSTUMES ARE OFF LIMITS!
BUT I LOOK SO SUPER!
DO YA LIKE WHAT
YA SEE, CHAZZ!
BET YA WANT A LITTLE 'A
THIS IN YOUR DECK!
WRONG! I THINK.
BUT I'M JUST NOT
SURE ANYMORE!
NO PROBLEM!
SPARKMAN...
KNOCK SOME SENSE
INTO HIM WITH STATIC
SHOCKWAVE!
[GRUNTING]
'N' NOW...
OJ'MA YELLOW...
YOUR TURN TO REFRESH
HIS MEMORY!
PLEASE FORGIVE ME BOSS!
BUT THIS IS FOR YOUR OWN GOOD!
AAH!
TAKE THIS!
DON'T HATE ME!
PLEASE!
NOW I'LL THROW THIS
DOWN...
AND TAKE A BREAK.
HOLD ON! I SEE!
YOU'RE ATTACKING ME WITH
MY OLD CARDS TO MOCK ME!
YOU THINK THIS IS A JOKE!??
NO CHAZZ.
I'M SERIOUS.
YOU'RE NOT YOURSELF BRO.
AND I'M JUST TRYIN'
TA BRING YOU BACK!
BACK FROM WHAT!?
DUH!
BACK FROM THE THE
SOCIETY OF LIGHT!
THEY BRAINWASHED YOU
AND MADE YOU
GIVE UP EVERYTHING
YOU BELIEVED IN!
WHAT?!
I KNOW 'CAUSE IT ALMOST
HAPPENED TO ME, TOO.
THE DAY ASTER DEFEATED ME.
SARTORIUS ISN'T WHO
HE SAYS HE IS.
HE PREYS ON OUR WEAKNESSES.
AND TRIES TO
CONTROL OUR WILL!
I CHOSE TO JOIN HIM!
OR DID I?
AAH!
WE'LL SAVE YOU!
NO! STOP IT!
WHAT'S GOING ON!
ENOUGH!
MY MOVE!
BUT BOSS...
I PLAY...
WHITE KNIGHT LANCER!
AND YOU REMEMBER MY
SWORDSMAN DON'T YOU?
THE ONE YOU SENT
TO MY GRAVEYARD?
WELL THANKS TO YOU
ALL OF MY OTHER
WHITE KNIGHTS GET
A 300 POINT BONUS!
WHITE KNIGHT LANCER...
DESTROY THAT LITTLE FREAK!
OH BOY.
OHH...
UH!
I ACTIVATE...MY OVER LIMIT!
NOW ALL I HAFTA DO IS PAY FIVE
HUNDRED LIFE POINTS...
AND I CAN BRING BACK
ANY MONSTER
WITH LESS THAN A THOUSAND!
SO I PLAY...YOU KNOW WHO!
OH, YEAH!
Chazz: YOU PAID
FIVE HUNDRED
POINTS FOR HIM!?
I WOULDN'T EVEN PAY ONE POINT!
HE'S KIDDING RIGHT?
UH--OF COURSE.
HEY CHAZZ!
WATCH THIS!
IT'S ANOTHER MYSTERY
GUEST FROM YOUR PAST!
AH!
AND NOW...I'LL
PUT SPARKMAN IN
DEFENSE.
IT'S ALL YOU!
'BOUT TIME!
NOW I ACTIVATE TRIBUTE
TO THE DOOMED!
SO I TOSS ONE CARD...
IN ORDER TO DESTROY
YOUR SPARKMAN!
OH WELL.
YOU'VE GOT NOBODY
LEFT JADEN!
I'M JUST GETTING'
WARMED UP!
NEXT MY LANCER
GETS A BOOST!
LANCER...ATTACK!
WE'RE BOTH MONSTERS...
CAN'T WE BE FRIENDS?
AND NEXT I SUMMON MY
WHITE KNIGHT GARDNA!
IN DEFENSE MODE!
HOLD ON!
GUESS WHAT CHAZZ!?
I GET TO ACTIVATE
MY TRAP AGAIN!
SO LOOK WHO'S BACK!
THANKS!
YOU DA MAN, BOSS!
JADEN?
HUH?
UH--NOTHING TA SEE HERE.
HEY WAIT! HOW CAN YOU
CALL HIM "BOSS!?"
I'M YOUR BOSS YA TWERP!
Jaden: A'RIGHT!
NOW THAT SOUNDS LIKE
THE CHAZZ I KNOW!
YOU WANT YOUR OJAMAS
BACK DON'T YOU!
YOU MISS THEM; ADMIT IT!
MISS THEM?
YOU MUST BE OUTTA YOUR MIND!
AM I? WE'LL SEE!
I SUMMON
OJAMA BLACK!
THIS IS IT.
YOUR BIG CHANCE.
D'YOU MEAN...
YOU GOT IT!
I ACTIVATE...
OJAMA DELTA
HURRICANE!
THAT MEANS....
SINCE I HAVE THREE
OJAMAS IN PLAY...
ALL OF YOUR MONSTERS...
ARE OUTTA HERE!
READY?
DO YOUR THING!
GIMME AN "O!"
GIMME A "J!"
GIMME AN "AMA!"
YAY! WHAT'S THAT
SPELL!? OJAMA!
WHATTA YA THINK CHAZZ?
PLEASE! YOU MISFITS
ARE AS WORTHLESS
AS YOU ALWAYS WERE!
I KNOW SLUGS WITH MORE
CHARISMA THAN YOU!
HA HA HA! I'LL SHOW YA
SOME REAL CARDS!
AND I'LL START THINGS OFF
BY ACTIVATING MY SEALED
GATE TRAP!
SO FIRST I NEED TO REMOVE
MY SWORDSMAN, MY LANCER
AND MY GARDNA
FROM THE GAME!
AND THEN...I CAN PLAY THE
STRONGEST MONSTER IN MY DECK!
WHITE KNIGHT LORD!
OF COURSE...I GET
A BONUS, TOO!
SINCE MY WHITE
KNIGHT SWORDSMAN'S
IN THE GRAVE...
MY LORD GETS
EVEN STRONGER!
SO YOU'RE THROUGH!
MASTER SARTORIUS HAS
GIVEN ME MORE POWER
THAN MY OLD DECK
EVER COULD!
HEE HEE HA HA HA!
THAT'S WHY YOU'RE TRYING TO
TURN ME AGAINST HIM
ISN'T IT, JADEN!?
BECAUSE YOU'RE JEALOUS!
CHAZZ...YOU'RE IN WORSE
SHAPE THAN I THOUGHT.
♪ CHILLIN' OUT
WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE ♪
♪ NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL,
BACK AT CLASS ♪
♪ THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE
'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON,
GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪